Now that we have covered the basics of descriptive statistics it is time to move on to inferential statistics
inferential statistics refers to methods that rely on probability theory and distributions in particular
to predict population values based on sample data.
While this definition may not be clear just yet starting from the next lesson we will define what a
distribution is and we'll go through a couple of distributions you will likely use at work.
This will naturally lead us to point estimates and we will conclude the section with confidence intervals.
We will not only present these topics but will also develop a deep understanding of the statistical
processes.
This will help you a great deal if you get into data science.
I recommend you complete all the exercises provided as they will reveal additional subjects you will
be in charge of researching these insights will likely be your gateway to the fundamentals of quantitative
research and data driven decision making.
Finally to get you more hyped about what's to come.
You to me the world's most popular e-learning Web site was making decisions about its strategy based
on the methodology that's to follow in this section.
Good luck with the lessons and have fun.